[BUG] `default.mixed` np to math (#7384)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Changed `np` used in `default.mixed` source code to `qml.math` to avoid
>   unnecessary dependency on `numpy` that might fail CUDA devices.
>   [(#7384)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7384)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Usage of NumPy in `default.mixed` source code has been converted to `qml.math` to avoid
  unnecessary dependency on NumPy and to fix a bug that caused an error when using `default.mixed` with PyTorch and GPUs.
  [(#7384)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7384)
```
